So at that point we've
got combineReducers,
we've got bindActionCreators,
we've got compose, we've got createStore.
We are down to the last and
final method that is on Redux,
which is applyMiddleware.
Now, good news and bad news.
Good news, it's the last one.
Bad news is that there's one more thing
that we have to learn about as we kinda
get comfortable with this.
So clear out some of this again for
ourselves.
So we'll create just a really
quick reducer again.
This is the simplest valid reducer,
is it takes the state of the world,
it ignores the action and
gives you back the state of the world.
It's a very stubborn reducer.
So we can go ahead and
create a store, With this reducer.
We saw that we could have some kind of
initial state as the second argument.
It also takes one more argument,
which we'll see in a second,
which is a store enhancer,
which is a function.
And we'll actually we'll build
an enhancer in a second.
And you can actually pass it as
the second argument as well.
The only required argument
is the reducer function.
Everything else here is optional.
And an enhancer is basically
if we wanted to add additional
functionality to a Redux store.
This is a place where we can pass in
a function which will get an instance
of createStore,
allow us to do whatever we want and
then pass all the arguments into it.
Let's look at a quick diagram here.
So we've got createStore, it's got
the reducer, it takes the initialState and
the enhancer.
What the enhancer will take is,
first, it's a curried function,
it returns a function.
It's gonna take the copy of
createStore that we're calling and
a copy of all of the arguments
we handed to it.
You can do whatever stuff that you need
to do and then actually call createStore.
To be clear, generally speaking,
you probably won't write
a lot of enhancers, right?
Because you need a pretty good reason.
The Redux DevTools are an enhancer, right?
Cuz they are basically wrapping your
createStore with all the stuff that hooks
it into the Chrome or
Firefox DevTools, right?
And so that's the use case for
an enhancer.
The other thing we mentioned
was applyMiddlware.
The function applyMiddlware creates
an enhancer that we'll see in a second.
But let's actually look at
the at the syntax here,
because it's not as scary as it sounds.
So I'm gonna write one and
then you're gonna write one.
And then we will talk about
it together as a team.
So we can go ahead and
let's say we wanna have an enhancer that
theoretically takes performance metrics
of everything happening in Redux.
That seems legitimate, right?
So, we could say,
we'll call it monitorEnhancer.
And that's gonna get a copy of
createStore function that we'll
be a little call later.
And it is also going to get reducer,
initialState, and enhancer.
Cool and what we'll be able to do,
you could go ahead and
just immediately return.
This is like an enhancer
that doesn't do anything.
initialState, And
we'll call it immediately.
But if you wanna do stuff like
wrap the reducer in another
function that prepares it.
So hypothetically, if we want to take
a performance benchmark before we call
the reducer and then a performance
benchmark after we call the reducer, and
console log it, we can do that here.
And then pass that wrapped reducer
to the actual createStore.
So we can go ahead and
we'll say something like const start,
= performance.now(),
const end = performance.now().
And the diff, We'll Math.round() it.
So it'll be the difference between
the end time and the start time.
I'll even spell const right.
And here we'll actually just say, Well,
we'll just call the reducer function,
because it's just a JavaScript function,
right?
We'll say state and action.
Instead of state,
we're gonna say start, down here.
Right, we gotta wrap, this hold on.
We'll make a reducer, hold on.
const, we'll say replacementReducer.
Well, we'll say monitoredReducer.
And that is gonna take state and action.
It will pull all this in.
Call the real reducer once we've taken our
performance metrics with state and action.
And then return the new state.
Let's also console log that diff.
Great.
All right, so
we've got that kinda in place.
This enhancer doesn't work here
cuz it doesn't really exist, so
we'll replace it real quick,
now that we have one.
Let me clear that out.
Oop, enhancer is not a function.
We gotta pass in our
monitoredReducer as well.
Where is that other enhancer?
This one doesn't exist, so that's fine.
All right, I need to quickly change
something, I'm calling it inside here,
but this is enhancer.
And now we'll pass our new monitored
enhancer into the real createStore.
Perfect.
So now we have one in place where
we can dispatch some actions.
Doesn't really matter, since this
reducer doesn't really do anything.
And we can see, we'll actually
just get rid of the rounding.
You can see that now I'm logging
the actual time it takes to run through
the reducer every time.
So this allows you to create
reusable plugins effectively for
Redux that you can pass in there.
And now it'll wrap every single call to
the reducer in the performance metrics.
So now they just pass this in.
Same thing with the Redux DevTools.
As we'll see before, you can pass in these
enhancers, it will wrap an extended,
almost like a plug-in,
architecture, for Redux, as well.
The question was, is the role of
enhancer kind of a middleware?
Yes is the answer.
A applyMiddleware is the function
we're gonna take a look at a second.
applyMiddleware takes a whole
bunch of different middlewares and
creates one composed enhancer
out of all that middleware.
Enhancers themselves can be used for
a lot of things.
Adding middleware, using for
the Redux DevTools,
any kind of plugin that you wanna do or
functionality that
you need to add to Redux,
enhancers are the way that you do that.